To human eyes, data  are transferred at forms like images, e-mails, sounds and texts. Most internet data naturally includes gratuitous headers, too.



Dear George;
Greetings to all at Oxford. Many thanks for your
letter and for the summer examination package.
All Entry Forms and Fees Forms should be ready
for final despatch to the Syndicate by Friday
20th or at the very latest, I’m told by the 21st.
Admin has improved here, thought there’s room
for improvement still, just give us all two or three
more years and we’ll really show you! Please
don’t let these wretched 16+ proposals destroy
your basic O and A pattern. Certainly this
sort of change, if implemented immediately,
would bring chaos.
Sincerily yours;


PRESIDENT'S EMBARGO RULING SHOULD HAVE IMMEDIATE NOTICE.
GRAVE SITUATION AFFECTING INTERNATIONAL LAW. STATEMENT
FORESHADOWS RUIN OF MANY NEUTRALS. YELLOW JOURNALS
UNIFYING NATIONAL EXCITEMENT IMMENSELY.
 The first letters of each word form the character string: PERSHING SAILS
FROM NYJUNE I



as I wrote it. Kindly read every other line (i.e. 1, 3, 5, 7...) for my true assessment of her.

Memo to the Director
Subject: Letter of Recommendation
—————————————————————-
Jane S., a chief sub editor and editor, can always be found
hard at work in her cubicle. Jane works independently, without
wasting company time talking to colleagues. She never
thinks twice about assisting fellow employees, and she always
finishes given assignments on time. Often Jane takes extended
measures to complete her work, sometimes skipping
coffee breaks. She is a dedicated individual who has absolutely no
vanity in spite of her high accomplishments and profound
knowledge in her field. I firmly believe that Jane can be
classed as a high-caliber employee, the type which cannot be
dispensed with. Consequently, I duly recommend that Jane be
promoted to executive management, and a proposal will be
sent away as soon as possible.
Project Leader




A Puzzle for Inspector Morse
3rd March
Dear George,
Greetings to all at Oxford. Many thanks for your
letter and for the Summer examination package.
All Entry Forms and Fees Forms should be ready
for final despatch to the Syndicate by Friday
20th or at the very latest, I'm told, by the 21st.
Admin has improved here, though there's room
for improvement still; just give us all two or three
more years and we'll really show you! Please
don't let these wretched 16+ proposals destroy
your basic O and A pattern. Certainly this
sort of change, if implemented immediately,
would bring chaos.
Sincerely yours,







